Resources/doc/configuration.md, before:

Configuration
=============

This is an overview of all the configuration options available:

```yaml
# config/packages/scheb_two_factor.yaml
scheb_two_factor:

    # Trusted device feature
    trusted_device:
        enabled: false                 # If the trusted device feature should be enabled
        manager: acme.custom_trusted_device_manager  # Use a custom trusted device manager
        lifetime: 5184000              # Lifetime of the trusted device token
        extend_lifetime: false         # Automatically extend lifetime of the trusted cookie on re-login
        cookie_name: trusted_device    # Name of the trusted device cookie
        cookie_secure: false           # Set the 'Secure' (HTTPS Only) flag on the trusted device cookie
        cookie_same_site: "lax"        # The same-site option of the cookie, can be "lax", "strict" or null
        cookie_domain: ".example.com"  # Domain to use when setting the cookie, fallback to the request domain if not set
        cookie_path: "/"               # Path to use when setting the cookie

    # Backup codes feature
    backup_codes:
        enabled: false                 # If the backup code feature should be enabled
        manager: acme.custom_backup_code_manager  # Use a custom backup code manager

    # Email authentication config
    email:
        enabled: true                  # If email authentication should be enabled, default false
        mailer: acme.custom_mailer_service  # Use alternative service to send the authentication code
        code_generator: acme.custom_code_generator_service  # Use alternative service to generate authentication code
        sender_email: me@example.com   # Sender email address
        sender_name: John Doe          # Sender name
        digits: 4                      # Number of digits in authentication code
        template: security/2fa_form.html.twig   # Template used to render the authentication form

    # Google Authenticator config
    google:
        enabled: true                  # If Google Authenticator should be enabled, default false
        server_name: Server Name       # Server name used in QR code
        issuer: Issuer Name            # Issuer name used in QR code
        digits: 6                      # Number of digits in authentication code
        window: 1                      # How many codes before/after the current one would be accepted as valid
        template: security/2fa_form.html.twig   # Template used to render the authentication form

    # TOTP authentication config
    totp:
        enabled: true                  # If TOTP authentication should be enabled, default false
        server_name: Server Name       # Server name used in QR code
        issuer: Issuer Name            # Issuer name used in QR code
        window: 1                      # How many codes before/after the current one would be accepted as valid
        parameters:                    # Additional parameters added in the QR code
            image: 'https://my-service/img/logo.png'
        template: security/2fa_form.html.twig   # Template used to render the authentication form

    # The service which is used to persist data in the user object. By default Doctrine is used. If your entity is
    # managed by something else (e.g. an API), you have to implement a custom persister
    persister: acme.custom_persister

    # If your Doctrine user object is managed by a model manager, which is not the default one, you have to
    # set this option. Name of entity manager or null, which uses the default one.
    model_manager_name: ~

    # The security token classes, which trigger two-factor authentication.
    # By default the bundle only reacts to Symfony's username+password authentication. If you want to enable
    # two-factor authentication for other authentication methods, add their security token classes.
    security_tokens:
        - Symfony\Component\Security\Core\Authentication\Token\UsernamePasswordToken

    # A list of IP addresses or netmasks, which will not trigger two-factor authentication.
    # Supports IPv4, IPv6 and IP subnet masks.
    ip_whitelist:
        - 127.0.0.1  # One IPv4
        - 192.168.0.0/16  # IPv4 subnet
        - 2001:0db8:85a3:0000:0000:8a2e:0370:7334  # One IPv6
        - 2001:db8:abcd:0012::0/64  # IPv6 subnet

    # If you want to have your own implementation to retrieve the whitelisted IPs.
    # The configuration option "ip_whitelist" becomes meaningless in such a case.
    ip_whitelist_provider: acme.custom_ip_whitelist_provider

    # If you want to exchange/extend the TwoFactorToken class, which is used by the bundle, you can have a factory
    # service providing your own implementation.
    two_factor_token_factory: acme.custom_two_factor_token_factory
```

```yaml
# config/packages/security.yaml
security:
    firewalls:
        your_firewall_name:
            # ...
            two_factor:
                auth_form_path: /2fa                  # Path or route name of the two-factor form
                check_path: /2fa_check                # Path or route name of the two-factor code check
                post_only: false                      # If the check_path should accept the code only as a POST request
                default_target_path: /                # Where to redirect by default after successful authentication
                always_use_default_target_path: false # If it should always redirect to default_target_path
                auth_code_parameter_name: _auth_code  # Name of the parameter for the two-factor authentication code
                                                      # (supports symfony/property-access notation for nested values)
                trusted_parameter_name: _trusted      # Name of the parameter for the trusted device option
                                                      # (supports symfony/property-access notation for nested values)
                multi_factor: false                   # If ALL active two-factor methods need to be fulfilled
                                                      # (multi-factor authentication)
                success_handler: acme.custom_success_handler  # Use a custom success handler instead of the default one
                failure_handler: acme.custom_failure_handler  # Use a custom failure handler instead of the default one

                # Use a custom authentication required handler instead of the default one
                # This can be used to modify the default behavior of the bundle, which is always redirecting to the
                # two-factor authentication form, when two-factor authentication is required.
                authentication_required_handler: acme.custom_auth_reqired_handler

                # Some two-factor providers need to be "prepared", usually a code is generated and sent to the user. Per
                # default, this happens when the two-factor form is shown. But you may want to execute preparation
                # earlier in the user's journey.
                prepare_on_login: false          # If the two-factor provider should be prepared right after login
                prepare_on_access_denied: false  # The the two-factor provider should be prepared when the user has to
                                                 # to complete two-factor authentication to view a page. This would
                                                 # prepare right before redirecting to the two-factor form.

                csrf_token_generator: security.csrf.token_manager  # CSRF protection will be enabled if a service id of
                                                                   # CsrfTokenManagerInterface is given. Default: null
                csrf_parameter: _csrf_token                        # The default CSRF parameter name
                csrf_token_id: two_factor                          # The default CSRF token id, for generating the token
                                                                   # value. It is advised to use a different id per form

                # If you have multiple user providers registered, Symfony's security extension requires you to configure
                # a user provider. You're forced to configure this node, although it doesn't have any effect on the
                # TwoFactorBundle. So set this to any of your user providers, it doesn't matter which one.
                provider: any_user_provider
```

For detailed information on the authentication methods see the individual documentation:
- [TOTP](providers/totp.md)
- [Google Authenticator](providers/google.md)
- [Email code](providers/email.md)

Commit message:

Add note on symfony/property-access notation and formatting

Resources/doc/configuration.md, after:

Configuration
=============

This is an overview of all the configuration options available:

```yaml
# config/packages/scheb_two_factor.yaml
scheb_two_factor:

    # Trusted device feature
    trusted_device:
        enabled: false                 # If the trusted device feature should be enabled
        manager: acme.custom_trusted_device_manager  # Use a custom trusted device manager
        lifetime: 5184000              # Lifetime of the trusted device token
        extend_lifetime: false         # Automatically extend lifetime of the trusted cookie on re-login
        cookie_name: trusted_device    # Name of the trusted device cookie
        cookie_secure: false           # Set the 'Secure' (HTTPS Only) flag on the trusted device cookie
        cookie_same_site: "lax"        # The same-site option of the cookie, can be "lax", "strict" or null
        cookie_domain: ".example.com"  # Domain to use when setting the cookie, fallback to the request domain if not set
        cookie_path: "/"               # Path to use when setting the cookie

    # Backup codes feature
    backup_codes:
        enabled: false                 # If the backup code feature should be enabled
        manager: acme.custom_backup_code_manager  # Use a custom backup code manager

    # Email authentication config
    email:
        enabled: true                  # If email authentication should be enabled, default false
        mailer: acme.custom_mailer_service  # Use alternative service to send the authentication code
        code_generator: acme.custom_code_generator_service  # Use alternative service to generate authentication code
        sender_email: me@example.com   # Sender email address
        sender_name: John Doe          # Sender name
        digits: 4                      # Number of digits in authentication code
        template: security/2fa_form.html.twig   # Template used to render the authentication form

    # Google Authenticator config
    google:
        enabled: true                  # If Google Authenticator should be enabled, default false
        server_name: Server Name       # Server name used in QR code
        issuer: Issuer Name            # Issuer name used in QR code
        digits: 6                      # Number of digits in authentication code
        window: 1                      # How many codes before/after the current one would be accepted as valid
        template: security/2fa_form.html.twig   # Template used to render the authentication form

    # TOTP authentication config
    totp:
        enabled: true                  # If TOTP authentication should be enabled, default false
        server_name: Server Name       # Server name used in QR code
        issuer: Issuer Name            # Issuer name used in QR code
        window: 1                      # How many codes before/after the current one would be accepted as valid
        parameters:                    # Additional parameters added in the QR code
            image: 'https://my-service/img/logo.png'
        template: security/2fa_form.html.twig   # Template used to render the authentication form

    # The service which is used to persist data in the user object. By default Doctrine is used. If your entity is
    # managed by something else (e.g. an API), you have to implement a custom persister
    persister: acme.custom_persister

    # If your Doctrine user object is managed by a model manager, which is not the default one, you have to
    # set this option. Name of entity manager or null, which uses the default one.
    model_manager_name: ~

    # The security token classes, which trigger two-factor authentication.
    # By default the bundle only reacts to Symfony's username+password authentication. If you want to enable
    # two-factor authentication for other authentication methods, add their security token classes.
    security_tokens:
        - Symfony\Component\Security\Core\Authentication\Token\UsernamePasswordToken

    # A list of IP addresses or netmasks, which will not trigger two-factor authentication.
    # Supports IPv4, IPv6 and IP subnet masks.
    ip_whitelist:
        - 127.0.0.1  # One IPv4
        - 192.168.0.0/16  # IPv4 subnet
        - 2001:0db8:85a3:0000:0000:8a2e:0370:7334  # One IPv6
        - 2001:db8:abcd:0012::0/64  # IPv6 subnet

    # If you want to have your own implementation to retrieve the whitelisted IPs.
    # The configuration option "ip_whitelist" becomes meaningless in such a case.
    ip_whitelist_provider: acme.custom_ip_whitelist_provider

    # If you want to exchange/extend the TwoFactorToken class, which is used by the bundle, you can have a factory
    # service providing your own implementation.
    two_factor_token_factory: acme.custom_two_factor_token_factory
```

```yaml
# config/packages/security.yaml
security:
    firewalls:
        your_firewall_name:
            # ...
            two_factor:
                auth_form_path: /2fa                  # Path or route name of the two-factor form
                check_path: /2fa_check                # Path or route name of the two-factor code check
                post_only: false                      # If the check_path should accept the code only as a POST request
                default_target_path: /                # Where to redirect by default after successful authentication
                always_use_default_target_path: false # If it should always redirect to default_target_path
                auth_code_parameter_name: _auth_code  # Name of the parameter for the two-factor authentication code
                                                      # (supports symfony/property-access notation for nested values)
                trusted_parameter_name: _trusted      # Name of the parameter for the trusted device option
                                                      # (supports symfony/property-access notation for nested values)
                multi_factor: false                   # If ALL active two-factor methods need to be fulfilled
                                                      # (multi-factor authentication)
                success_handler: acme.custom_success_handler  # Use a custom success handler instead of the default one
                failure_handler: acme.custom_failure_handler  # Use a custom failure handler instead of the default one

                # Use a custom authentication required handler instead of the default one
                # This can be used to modify the default behavior of the bundle, which is always redirecting to the
                # two-factor authentication form, when two-factor authentication is required.
                authentication_required_handler: acme.custom_auth_reqired_handler

                # Some two-factor providers need to be "prepared", usually a code is generated and sent to the user. Per
                # default, this happens when the two-factor form is shown. But you may want to execute preparation
                # earlier in the user's journey.
                prepare_on_login: false          # If the two-factor provider should be prepared right after login
                prepare_on_access_denied: false  # The the two-factor provider should be prepared when the user has to
                                                 # to complete two-factor authentication to view a page. This would
                                                 # prepare right before redirecting to the two-factor form.

                csrf_token_generator: security.csrf.token_manager  # CSRF protection will be enabled if a service id of
                                                                   # CsrfTokenManagerInterface is given. Default: null
                csrf_parameter: _csrf_token      # The default CSRF parameter name
                                                 # (supports symfony/property-access notation for nested values)
                csrf_token_id: two_factor        # The default CSRF token id, for generating the token value, it is
                                                 # advised to use a different id per firewall

                # If you have multiple user providers registered, Symfony's security extension requires you to configure
                # a user provider. You're forced to configure this node, although it doesn't have any effect on the
                # TwoFactorBundle. So set this to any of your user providers, it doesn't matter which one.
                provider: any_user_provider
```

For detailed information on the authentication methods see the individual documentation:
- [TOTP](providers/totp.md)
- [Google Authenticator](providers/google.md)
- [Email code](providers/email.md)
